docs: Add JUnit5 examples for TestBench9 (#1865)
vaadin/docs: articles/testing/index.adoc

These tests are impossible with the UI unit testing approach because UI unit tests run on the server side without initializing the browser.

> Since Vaadin 24 both JUnit 4 and JUnit5 test frameworks are supported on end-to-end tests.

Author: I've unified naming everywhere to "JUnit 4" and "JUnit 5".

> Since Vaadin 24 both JUnit 4 and JUnit 5 test frameworks are supported on end-to-end tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[since:com.vaadin:vaadin@V24]#Both JUnit 4 and JUnit 5 test frameworks are supported on end-to-end tests#.
```
